The presence of the Lord filled my house so strong; I can honestly tell you I've never felt the presence of the Lord like that ever before, and it shook me.
It gave me a renewed fear in Him of how close we are to Jesus'coming.
I saw in my prayer time, when the glory manifested in my house so strong, He warned me about coming up higher again. This is the second time He said it since Thursday.
Today is Wednesday, and we're going in, so it's been six days since He spoke to me the last time, since I had my visitation from the Lord.
He said, 'It's time to come up higher.'He said it again: 'It's time to come up higher in the prophetic realm, in walking with Me.
For it is in the coming up higher and abiding in the fire that I long for you to be.'Then, all of a sudden, I saw the heavens split right above me when I was praying.
I'm talking about a massive break in the atmosphere, and I saw the Spirit of the Lord.
I saw the Lord seated on His throne—Great God Jehovah, not Jesus.
I saw this massive light coming out and I saw Him seated on His throne.
Now I want you all to really grasp what I'm telling you because I'm going to tell you something that is going to shock you.
You need to understand how much God loves us and how much He cares for us.
He said Heaven is going to invade Earth now, not in the future.
He said it's invading Earth now; it's time for an invasion of Heaven on Earth like we've never seen before.
I saw lava coming out of the throne of God with what looked like a staircase in front of Him. It was tiered.
When I was looking up in the throne room, there was a liquid lava flowing out of the throne that looked like liquid honey.
It was like honey, but it was moving like molasses—slow but beautiful—and it had sparkles of gold dust and beautiful things all inside of this honey-like substance coming out of the throne.
It was oozing out on the Earth. Then the Lord allowed me to see inside of Him.
Now, a lot of you are going to probably squawk about this, but I really don't care; you need to know how much Jesus loves you.
God is light, and in Him, there is no darkness at all. He allowed me to see the light. The light of God is like His skin.
Our skin is flesh like this, but then He allowed my spiritual eyes in this vision to see inside of the Father, the great Elyon, the Most High God.
I say this with the most fear and reverence of anything I've ever spoken.
I want you to hear this: God is light, and it's like His skin. That's what I'm trying to bring down to a human level for you.
I'm telling you something that I saw in the spirit realm at a human level.
In this, I saw the level of light was like this, and when you went inside of Him, He was endless.
There is no beginning and there is no end. He is like His own dimension. The Father is His own dimension in Himself; He is endless.
Inside of Him, it looked like a different kind of light, a light that I've never seen before.
In this light, there were different lights inside of the light, and they looked like stars, but each star was different and it was shining all inside of Him.
A different, brighter light was shining all inside of the light, and it moved like it was alive. The light was transparent; it was spirit.
It moved, it had a shape, and it was taking form, but it was transparent in the way the light was moving. This is so hard to explain.
It was moving, and then I could see the light inside of Him; there was no end to it, like if you were to see inside a room that had no ending and no beginning.
He allows me to see the silhouette of His face from afar. In the spirit, I can see His silhouette and His chin, but on His head was like a crown.
In His head, where I could see, were three beautiful blue sapphires—the most beautiful blue sapphires I've ever seen.
They were huge; one was a little smaller, one was bigger, and one was a little smaller.
All around it was this beautiful light, but it was like fire—blue fire.
It was making those sapphires on His head glow. All around His face, on the chin, I could not see eyes or His forehead.
I could see the back of His head, but everything else was fire. Around the chin, it was radiating a blue fire.
It looked like light piercing out, so bright and captivating it would burn your eyes.
Then He allowed me to see this: there was a blue fire coming off of His head, like sapphire fire, all coming off the chin from here down.
I was fixed on it because when the Lord allows you to see something like this, I was trying to remember everything I could; it was captivating.
I could feel the presence of the Lord so strong I felt like I was melting like wax in my home.
It was literally pouring out on me so strong it was everything I could do to stand underneath it.
A lot of people will say, 'Oh, there's no possible way what you saw was the Lord,'but I didn't see His face.
What I'm trying to tell you is that the Lord, for whatever reason in the most holy moment in my life, allowed me to see a glimpse of Him.
He's so much more, but I saw a glimpse of something that was so holy and beautiful.
For a moment, I saw the silhouette of the Father. I tried my best to describe what I saw in the spirit.
When I was praying, I was interceding for Israel, and all of a sudden He said, 'I want you to focus and see this wall.'Upon this wall, He said, 'This is eons and eons of time.'This is Angelic writing.
It was written on this stone wall, but it was in a language I've never seen before.
It was triangles engraved into the wall with fire, similar to how He etched the language on the Ten Commandments.
This was writing on a granite rock—triangles, circles in the triangles, and waves like water waves.
It was all in a different language, and He told me it was an ancient text that has been there for millions of years.
I still don't have the revelation of why He showed this to me, but He wanted me to see this writing on the wall.
It was all in little lines, one after another, in some kind of Angelic language.
It was fascinating because I got to stare at it for a bit in the spirit realm.
All this was being downloaded like a massive fire hydrant just soaking you down because you're underneath the glory. I'm seeing all this coming out of His throne.
He said, 'Heaven is invading Earth.'One of the things He said to me was, 'My prophetic people are thinking too carnal. They are too carnal right now.
It's time to come up another level.'He was even speaking to me: 'You're thinking too carnal, too shallow.'He said, 'Do you know the difference between somebody who is just a flash in the pan versus somebody who is going to stand the test of time in ministry?'He said, 'Do not be a flash in the pan.
Be somebody that is going to be a pillar and teach the Word.'He brought up Brother Kenneth Hagin and said Brother Hagin didn't always get a word every single day for the body of Christ to tell on a TV or radio program; he taught the Word.
He taught the people how to live by faith, how to stand on the covenant, and how to plead the blood.
To stand the test of time in ministry, you must teach the people the Word.
It's not all about being a flash in the pan. There are too many flash-in-the-pan prophetic people who burn out. You must get in the Word and teach the people how to pray.
He said, 'When you seek Me daily and you're at My feet, getting out of the carnal thinking of your mind and coming up higher in the prophetic, I will give you those words.'He said it is a must in this season because we are in a season that has never been on this Earth before.
We're entering a time of great birthing pains, more than what we've ever seen.
What we've experienced so far is nothing compared to what's about to happen.
He did not say this in fear, of course, because perfect love casts out all fear, but He said it as a warning for people to come up higher, to be saturated in that presence at His feet.
People don't know what that means: separating yourself unto Him, making Him first in your life.
Make Him priority. He's number one. How hungry and desperate are you for the things of God? It has to be every breath.
There is a level of prophetic that is ankle-deep, knee-deep, waist-deep, and then over the head, going straight to the bottom in those deeper waters.
He said, 'Brandon, there's so much more than what you're seeing on YouTube.
There's so much more than what you've had.'The words I've given you all are just scratching the surface. If you abide in Me and My words abide in you...
abiding in the secret place of the Most High, being seated with Him in heavenly places far above all principalities and powers.
Take that seat of dominion and authority in these last days, walking with Him and letting Him abide in you.
It's like a breath—inhale, exhale. He said, 'This is where you're going to go.
You'll get the words from Me if you abide in the real prophetic.
You get the words from Me and give them out to the people. You don't come on the carnal level looking for a word.
You sit at My throne, and that's when you give it to the people.'It was all happening while I was underneath the glory.
Going back to the three sapphires, I believe it was a representation of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; all three are one.
They were in Him. It was a crown over His head. It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
My words in the English vocabulary do not do it justice; it falls so short. Hi, my name is Brandon.
I saw some things when I was praying, and I was translated in my spirit eyes.
I was in this jungle-like place and I was being ushered in, pushed very quickly. All of a sudden, I see this temple in front of me.
I go into this temple that was like beautiful platinum—not gold or silver, but almost transparent.
I've never seen that on this Earth before. I went into this temple and saw a being on a throne.
He was high and lifted up. I looked and glimpsed, and I thought in my spirit, 'Where am I?
Who is this?'And He said, 'I AM THAT I AM.'When He said that, it shook the whole temple.
The foundation was being shaken by His words. I screamed because it was so powerful.
I glanced up to the top and could see gold and a beautiful red ruby.
Then there was a light beyond any light I've ever seen before.
There's nothing on this Earth as bright as what I saw. You can look at the sun at noon and it's still not as bright.
There were three stages of light: an outer light, a brighter light, and then a center light that was so bright it was piercing.
If you looked at it, it would melt you. I couldn't look directly at it; it was incredible. When He spoke, His words would go out and stay alive.
At the base of the altar, there was water that was ankle-deep, knee-deep, waist-deep, and then it went way down deep.
In this water, you could take your whole body to the bottom. The water was the clearest, bluest water I've ever seen; it was living water flowing out of the throne.
When He spoke to me for about an hour, He told me a lot of things about the end times, the church, and personal things.
His words would come out of that light in English, but they would be big, then get smaller and turn into seeds upon the water.
The words wouldn't die; they remained alive and started to grow. They would grow roots like a potato or a peanut.
Every time He would speak, they would just start to form and they would go on each other; they would all start to grow together.
Out of that light, a massive eyeball came out. It was an all-seeing eye that came right within 15 feet of me.
It was so intense I wanted to cry out in repentance and ask for mercy.
In the iris of the eyeball, there was fire moving and dancing.
He talked to me about a verse because I had been hearing from certain ministers that there is no end-time revival.
I was asking Him about this. I quoted scriptures, but He was speaking to me in tongues.
His language was deep and masculine, like roaring thunder or living water.
Even though it was a heavenly sound, I understood everything He was saying.
We were talking to each other; I understood Him in English in my ears, but it was in tongues.
He said, 'Son, you have no idea the real translation of that scripture.
You need to go back to the Greek and study My Word more than just the King James or the Amplified.
You need to study the meaning of each word.'He said, 'Who says I'm coming back right now?'I mentioned the signs of the times, and He said, 'I am in control of time.'He shook the foundation of the temple: 'I am in control of time.'He said, 'I will come back when I am ready.
I said in My Word that I'm coming back for a spotless bride, and the bride is not ready yet.'He said He would show me something.
There was a preacher interceding on the Earth, and the Lord allowed me to hear the prayer.
A shaft of light like a flaming comet came up from the Earth and circled the throne room.
These prayers were echoing in the throne room. In the spirit, this man came to the throne room and a globe wrapped around him.
Beams of light were coming out of his belly and shooting to places on the globe: South America, Europe, Asia, America, and Canada.
He was interceding for an end-time revival. The Lord told me to tell a certain family member that their theology that there's no revival is nonsense.
There will be a great harvest of souls and an outpouring of My Spirit.
We will walk in great victory. He said, 'A lot of people have an escape mentality.
You will not have an escape mentality. You will press into Me and walk in My glory.
I never designed the armor for retreat; I designed it for charging ahead and taking dominion.'When He said the teaching that there is no revival is nonsense, it shook the foundation with His anger.
He said there's a great shifting and shaking coming. I saw a corn being shucked.
He said, 'I'm going to shuck the corn, son.'He's going to pull it back and clean it up for preparation.
Then He showed me the bride. She had a beautiful lace gown, but there were black smudges on it, like soot.
He said, 'I told you in My Word I'm coming back for a spotless bride.
It's time to come out of the ankle-deep water and come to the deeper water.'I told Him I wanted to go in that deep water, and He said, 'Brandon, you've been there before.
It's like muscle memory.'He then spoke to me about finances.
I had been asking for a million-dollar idea, and He was stern.
He said, 'Where in My Word did I tell you to pray like that? Seek first the Kingdom, and all these things will be added.
Seeking finances as idolatry is the way you're doing it. Seek Me, and I will give you the secret things.
I have no problem blessing you, as long as the money doesn't have you.'I apologized and said I wanted to be used.
Jesus is coming back for a victorious church, not a retreating one. The gospel that must be preached is repentance.
If you lay your head upon His chest, He will speak secret things in a whisper.
I was interceding for America, and He told me, 'I will not let America become a goat nation, for your founding fathers made a covenant with Me.'He took me to Plymouth Rock and I saw the pilgrims making a covenant and taking communion.
Those prayers still echo. I saw George Washington crying out on the battlefield, and God gave him victory.
The Lord said those men died for freedom, and He will not let their blood go.
He said, 'You think pain is judgment? True judgment is separation from Me for eternity.
This is just correction.'He said there is a great shaking coming.
Great revival beyond anything you can comprehend is coming. No man will get the glory for it.
I saw glory domes where people were healed by the power of God.
This was happening throughout the whole world. Please subscribe to our channel if this video blessed you.
Jesus Christ is coming, and I hope you're ready. There is no once-saved-always-saved if you have no walk with Him.
You can backslide. I'm telling you the truth because I see Him and talk to Him.
I'm not here to condemn you but to lift you up. Don't compromise and live in sin.
People who practice sin daily without repentance are on the highway to hell.
We are supposed to keep our lamps full like the virgins. The wages of sin is death.
Jesus said, 'Go and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you.'We have to live separate and for Him.
It's not a game anymore. Get your heart right. Father, we thank You that You are a loving God, full of mercy.
You healed all our diseases and took our infirmities. No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We take authority over the devil and demonic spirits coming against our children.
We call in the wayward children and unsaved loved ones. We speak for laborers to cross their path.
We pray for husbands and wives to have a revelation of the glory of God.
We plead the blood of Jesus over them. We call for restoration of marriages and households.
We are the salt and light of this Earth. We thank You that we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law. We take authority over addictions and depression.
I thank You for spiritual babies growing into adults through this channel.
We realize who we are in Christ and take our authority. We are not afraid of the devil.
We thank You for Your goodness and mercy. We renew our minds and come up higher.
In Jesus'name, Amen. I hope this blessed you. It's time to go deeper and spend more time in the Word.
Jesus loves you, and we will see you next time. Have a blessed day.